 upfront efficiencies that we've identified is that we all use this different tracking style spreadsheet for various reasons and so we would want to probably standardize it because we would need to like I assume we would need to you know standardize a lot of those things so that's that process, that automated process would be looking at the same information and whatnot and we don't see that as being a problem at all. We think we could easily standardize whatever we need to just our challenges just like having the time to go and standardize it so I think what our goal was today is to walk you through our process, walk you through where we keep the information, what some various tracking spreadsheets look like and then get your expertise back. Perfect. I'll send. Not saying that this is the right path but in the future maybe even today in my mind part of the power of Launchpad might be keyword might is people have their workflows and departments have their workflows and getting people to adopt each other's standards becomes difficult and that might be where Launchpad and Angentech AI becomes powerful because that's where I might be able to just use all three of your formats. So my original idea. That's why I said you're the expert. Yeah so I keep going might because I want to commit to it till I know how big that red box is. But yeah I do think like errors for capital projects manager these are primarily for capital projects. We I think we would like to standardize it like I do think that that's the goal of ours. I think we've just always made them different based on specific needs. He actually uses pretty much the same one for his projects but like all mine very differently for various reasons not for me but I I don't think we get much pushback to try to standardize it even if it even if we have three different standards you know at least then it's only three. That's a quick question. These are things you can send me or maybe already have. I know some documentation through and a chance to look at it. We wanted to have this conversation but you can send them to me. That'll make it even easier for me to maybe even propose. Maybe if it standardize this way and send you guys a send your example by pulling all those common themes together. Yeah Lori remind me I don't think we sent him the spreadsheet. Right? He haven't. I think we after we met with you last time Daniel we decided to let's go ahead and just set up a meeting. Walk you through like how we use this French and instead of perhaps letting you guess. So we can do both. Yeah I'd like both. Yeah I definitely like both and you guys are going to be my first sort of the way I'm designing these in the future. Think of it this way we're gonna have standard launch pads that most organizations need. It's like we're back to maybe some lightweight project management that can integrate and tie into other systems so it's not full project management right but every day you can pull in all the data from a bunch of different projects and give you an eye on the ball. Those are like standard apps but then for something like this this is where we're going to identify what is this work flow is probably coming across many or the issue probably common as many organizations and sit down and have these conversations or have somebody walk me exactly through what they do. Get me all the documentation they can that I'm going to as fast as possible turn around a mock-up I'm actually spinning one up that I just did recently to show you what I plan on doing with it and then you get a good feel for what you might see and launch pad out of this but wait for him to join it we'll walk through all that right now how it's spinning up. Did it all make sense? Yeah I think so. And the future will have pre-work nice little presentation what to expect when you know we're going through it I'm building that as I build. Yeah real time. Right yeah that's so good yeah I think it was like Laura said we just wanted to have this meeting because in some of us sending you a bunch of documents and then I've very long-winded email to try to explain them all then we would just record this meeting and then you could ask your questions and we could use it as like a reference. Perfect. And we'll give Eric a couple more minutes and then I'll just start sharing and we'll just go into the way I do it. Okay. Well we're waiting. I'm actually proposed why don't you go ahead and jump into it since it's being recorded. Yeah I think that'd be a bad. Do you guys do me two minutes and we'll be right back. Okay I know where he's taking it in. And um Lori I do need to jump off the call just a little bit before four. So another meeting right at four. I need to pull up some documents for. Sure thing. No worries. All right. All right. Okay. All right. I'm sharing my screen. Can you see my screen? Yep. Okay. So um I'll just walk you through. So when we have we will have a consultant and I'll just focus on capital projects right now because that's where we do a lot of like our our cost tracking. We have another method for cost tracking just for overall operations. But I think for the purposes of this meeting we will just focus on the capital project portion because that's where we have other staff members taking a lot of time and whatnot. We discussed before. So if I if I have a part of consultant and when that consultant sends us an invoice they send it. To our finance department via email. It goes through their process and then they put it in this folder and basically this is a folder that says. Shannon needs to find it. Okay. Great. And this is actually a good example because this is one. This is for a. Capital project. So what I usually do is I open this up. I'll look at this document. And I will see. Okay. So we've got these different costs that they're working on for this. This is a bridge replacement project. I see how much is in this invoice. Great. So what I would do. I would do is. So I take this information and I go over. And I go over to my tracking spreadsheet. This is like my short cut for it. So I go into here. So all of our tracking spreadsheets. They actually live in like our capital project folder. But I have. I just have like hot links and I have like an overall program management spreadsheet. So I go over here and I find what the project says is this is the bridge. Or bridge replacement project. And then I have this. I'm a. This is probably the most detailed tracking spreadsheet we have. And really it was just done because this project we were trying to really, really keep tight on our budget. But what I do is I come over here and I'll just lock the invoice. And then for each of those tasks, major tasks of one project management serving, what not, I will go over here and I will just add it based on the task. And then what that allows me to do is say, okay, how much. How much did we spend? How much is remaining? What's the percent complete? And then I kind of got to check this. Okay, well, this is saying 13% complete. Where are we at on this project? We're doing no work on. Okay, that's that sounds about right or. Yeah, oh, we're getting. Like they spent almost all their budget. We don't even have our 30% design yet. Okay, well, that's the problem, right? So that's where I kind of do my like got checks here. And then and then I'll go down here. It's total. I'll make sure I entered it right by comparing the total with the invoice. And then once I said, okay, this is good to go. I sign the invoice. And then once it's signed, I moved the invoice to approve or if it needs a second very second turn and do whoever sold our new design it. That's like really basic, just the process of receiving invoices, logging them into a spreadsheet, analyzing where we're at overall with the project based on what's being completed so far, our total budget, kind of doing that got checked to decide if we can approve this invoice. And that's so pretty like going through it right now. It's a pretty quick process, but you can imagine I have like seven capital projects, Eric has 14. So, you know, when you're getting a lot of invoices or then it just kind of gets bogged down by going to your spreadsheet entering the seed and doing that. When it be nice, if you could just kind of see it. And then you can see it in a snapshot. Here's all your projects, here's where you're at with your invoices. Yeah, this is your 80% like, is there an edge case or a hard case where you do more than what you do it now? Oh, sorry, I say that one more time. Is this a standard for other edge cases where there's other processes, it's more complex or is this pretty much that 80% process? Is that it is 80% beautiful? Yes, I think 80% 90% this is the process. So, I have things that differ are these spreadsheet here. So, I'll give you an example. Like I said, this one's really detailed because we're really like really trying to keep track of what they're doing. I have other ones that are not as detailed. Like I have this one where it's just a little bit more high level of the task. And I'm looking at it and then like sometimes, this is like more of my problem. I'll look at them different just based on what the project is and who the consultant is. It would be nice if we just standardized it. It's like the person complete, present, spend, Eric project. Before we move on, we'll click and ask you a question. Before we move on. So, that's 90%. Go back to the first spreadsheet, you showed me. I look at, I see I am V and then some numbers. What is that? That's just the invoice number. Okay, so I have the invoice numbers. And then is there a like a big document, a legal document, an agreement that is tied to these projects? There is. Yes. I don't have like a quick link on it, but there is. So, like you can see up here in this one. You can see our budget, you can see the contract amount and then this is like, this is a grant or a loan that we have for it. But there is a contract for every consultant that we are contractor, that we have where we're processing these invoices. And then a lot of them will be tied to grants too. So, like, I, I have to invoice numbers here. And also, when I go to code this, I will put which grant is for. And then I also, I update which grant in the topic here. Because when I go to do reimbursement, what I'll do is I'll come down and up, because like you can see, okay, these three invoices I sent in our last reimbursement. When I go to do the next one, it'll be like these three invoices. You know, I'll look at the invoice numbers. And then we'll go to our other locations in SharePoint. Which is our invoices. And like, first and here, we can search. So, I think I have it. What's that? I'm pretty sure it won't be searching here. So, I'll just go to the site and do that. So, then I will be able to see, like, these ones are the public works for them. Which I really should send or write it. But, anyway, if I look for it. So, then I can, then I just cross reference. Okay, that's the invoice. I said that I was going to pull the invoice for reimbursement. So, then I know that I need to take those wherever that was. And that's what I put in my reimbursement for. Yeah. Any question so far? Like, that's kind of taking it one step further. That's a great reimbursement. I don't know that we necessarily need to go there now. But we don't need to do reimbursements maybe yet. But so, as you talk. I'm writing up. When I mock it up, it'll be a semi-functional mockup. I'm sure an example of them after we're done with this. But what I'm seeing is so far. All very easy. But if we had access to the original contracts, the original project, the whoever you're awarded to, not just the invoices, would that be valuable? If you could tell me where those things are stored, I can bring those in. I can parse those. And you can ask questions potentially, hey, where is this project currently? How many invoices have been paid and where we are? Like, without even going to look through reports. We could also build dashboards potentially. They have those automated. Like, when you said you have to go tag something, like, yeah, somewhere in the, and go back to the recording and find it later. But that's something that can very easily be automated. Right? Right. I'll take your print tag. Right. So that's where my mindset is. Now, I'm going to think of the entire world. But then we have to scope it to what's reasonable. And then maybe iterate. I won't know what that is until I try. Okay. That's not good. We're usually generally like think of the entire world kind of people too. So we can try to take my size together. Yes. So there are contracts associated with all of them. Then there's like great contracts associated. So having all of that information in one spot would be great. It used to all be in one spot. And then especially since we moved to SharePoint, it's all in different spots. Like, this is kind of a historic project. But if I go in here and I look at, there's probably, this is one of Eric's projects. There are sometimes contracts or in the project folder. Sometimes contracts are in our kind of like our general contract folder. Usually it's more like a duplicate. But having that like accessible or like, you know, that would be nice. And Eric's here now. So maybe he can show us an example of what his French. Before we go there, what I was thinking is, I'm going to automate as much of the processes you guys do today, with the launch pad. Give you centralized reporting and maybe a centralized view to be able to ask questions of anything you want. But then it should always reference and get you right back into SharePoint. So the systems and tools you use today, they're not deviled. You don't have to use them. The differences now are integrating all this offer. So later you want to tie an invoice baby to something complete. But we've never seen. We should be able to do that because you're still using your systems of record. I'm doing is taking all of the mundane, error phone, no value add to the city work off of your plate. So you can put it on the big stuff. Now the second way people think about it. Is we build a full on application workflow and manage it. I'm not sure that's the right path because that becomes a very long term support maintenance operations problem on both sides of the house. And it becomes a flexibility problem for you guys. I can probably see I don't like how I'm right. We're not doing that. Integrate systems. We have and make your life better. Do that. Yeah. That sounds better. Perfect. So this is exactly. This is great to get all the information I need. Awesome. And Eric, I just took him through the process of, you know, when we get the invoice in our folders to sign in. And I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. That's a very good process. When we get the invoice in our folders to sign in how we review them. And then we add them into our budget tracking spreadsheet. Can you show us an example of one of your budget tracking spreadsheets? Yeah, sure. No problem. And get a very, very clear up. Be able to lay through your zone. And meeting with Anna and so I was. So let's go by the track. The question is what we're looking for. Yeah. Let me pull up the main street. I'm going to do the most comprehensive one I have so far. And we can, I can share this with you as well. Just to tell you the doctor. Can you give it a little help? Yeah, we're going to follow these examples. We're going to send him after the meeting. We just kind of want to send it at first and then have to write a really long winded email explaining it all. Yeah, I'm going to send. All right, let me share. Next screen. So you guys do that? Okay. Yep. All right. So essentially it's a little flag you've got. You probably named the FB number. Our actual. This is actually supposed to say capital through the plan number. And then you just are actual project member. And they put questions. Yeah. Project number. Our project number. Standardized across departments. Is that just yours? Yeah, the primary number will be standardized across departments or is that just yours? Yeah, the primary number will be standardized across departments. And same thing with capital budget item. Capital budget ideas. Yeah, this should be out. The CFP and then this should just be like a primary member. And where's that capital budget led? What software or system? And live in a felt spreadsheet of a software or PDF. Okay, so it's not like a. Is it not like come back at ERP or financial. I know it adopted. It's an adopted every year we adopt the CIP. And then the CFP we update. Renear. No, the budget code. The budget code does tie to our financial software. German being part of here. This is my name. And then we got to know. That's my project ID, but also a budget code that is important to know for me as well. I just got capital facilities plan. Or just one of one and you have a budget code. If there's a definition or a place where metadata like I don't know what would be there. I'd probably be how much is allocated. How much they've approved and spent. I'm not saying I'm going to integrate it, but I would I want to know what is this data universe looks like? What is how could I make your life better to make it maybe that's not something important to you, but I always hated trying to template those things. Right for the budget codes that all exist in our once we adopted budget every year. Every capital project basically has a list of budget sources that we're going to pull money from within. What this specific amount of money that's supposed to come out of that. Is it like a master budget plan then I guess every year that's adopted has all that information. Yes, yes. And we have it on SharePoint and then successful through another excel sheet. And if that's something you can send me, I would like it. I can send up a I'm going to shoot for as much as possible. But when I do it, I think of the way I like things and I'm like, there's a budget code that I don't know where that source document lives. So I can cross reference it. Maybe ask questions. Maybe integrate it. Maybe not the first iteration. But eventually. Yeah. Now we're tied directly into some of the other have. So some of this stuff. It would be hard to fill out a IY that believe like the council authorization day. You may be able to pull that from from like council agenda packages like that. But I don't know if that's yeah, that would be a longer term or mature goal. Let's say a year from now in lunch pad. It'll be something. I shouldn't talk because I like to talk to you. Because I don't. I mean, I think for for a current state, that would be finding a syllable. Like we just know well when we do it. I sure put it in there. And then same thing with there's all these days. I think we can just play in themselves. Yeah. What's that? I believe. But they're all the link leads to the contract. So that's right. As a contract. That's the actual that's the actual sign contract. We had a supplementary contract here. Supplement one. Here's the only two. You know, the signs. You're all the signs. Link directly to the sign. Which was the share point. Yep. And then this. You know, this is here to tell the design contract, which is which is basically the tally of the three. The original contract plus the supplement. All of that is tied into an Excel. Another table that's just your invoice. You know, you know what your contract is not what you could get executed. Every time you get something with the supplement, this is add to it. So you've got your contract remaining. This is just the invoice. And once they send up the invoice, we log it into here. And the total everything. You know, just out of that thing, I think it could be very. So all those good voices live in SharePoint. You have a same process that you look at it. You make sure it's good. You populate this. You're signing it. Yep. Yep. If we sign in, we're. And then send it off. And then we're. And then same thing with here. We've got a right away. This is a typical part of a right away. I mean, I have a construction project. We will typically have to obtain right away. So this is just parcel number of the right way that we obtained. Here's the money that we spent on various things. And then also we have another another console, which is the structure management services. Same idea. The links of their contracts. Envoys is that they build us. And my life, you know, I mean, I like this one has a DVD. I'm just adding an update on the world because. Our capital party that accounts for taking care of the stuff. But the mic is saying that I mean, I think all of that is pretty easy to. It would be pretty easy to. You need to integrate. Yeah, so one thing I'll add is. The project example you're looking at here on your screen. This is a project that's gone through design and construction. So there's a couple different components, which part of it? There's more. You know, there's a design consultant. There's a contractor. And then also his kind of overview information has a lot more information about. The project in total, the different contracts, the budgets, where money's coming from. And I think this is great. Like, this is where I think having some some standards will be good. Because I would like to adopt some of this in the way that I track mine. I primarily just work on like the design base of our project. And so for me, it's really important each of the phases, like within the design contract, I like to keep track of each of those like tabs in there. So budget, that's why mine's broken up a little bit more than his. And I just look in voice and the dollar amount. So I think there's like a good happy meeting with freedom, but we'll send them to you. And it sounds like you have a pretty good idea. You know, we have these projects. If you think about it, like, I guess what I'm kind of envisioning based on our last meeting. And the demo that you showed us is we kind of have this like one area where you can see all this information about a project. You can see like the invoices, how much has been spent, what's the contract total. And then you can get to all those different components of the project from that one view. But that view is just pulling in all of our different data sources. That's the thing. Yeah, and that's what I was thinking is what we do is we automated much of the workflow as humanly possible. But we give you one view where you can go, hey, tell me what's happening with the bridge project. I think it goes with bridge project. You like, oh, cool. But then it also notices like let's say a new invoice gets dropped in that SharePoint folder. You showed me right. Do you get notified when that happens? Yeah, yeah, we get an email when there's invoices that need to be signed. Oh, yeah. So if we're watching that folder invoice gets dropped. We suck it in. We update the spreadsheets. But there's not a spreadsheet. This is the harder part. Do we create that? I'm assuming all this has already existed. So we're not that we're not that early in the process yet. Not that it's not possible. But we're going to focus on some of the comic skilters. Yeah, you get it shows up. We were doing it. Yeah, we noticed it's there. We go ahead and update the spreadsheets because we know where it's at. We know what the naming standards are. We know what to look for. So you don't have to do that. And you just basically have to go. Let me go look at it. Yep, it's already in there. That was good to me. I'm going to go ahead and sign it. Right. And then what's the sign? Think it's moved. We can move it automatically for you. So yeah, through this, we move it for you. How do you guys sign it? Is that electronic signatures that you sign it and scan it? What is that? It's just. Yeah. And then do we stick them to our net? How perfect. So we can serve it that way. You sign it. It's now marked the sign. We move it. We had whatever metadata to share point we need to about it. Probably going to talk to my. I'm really horrible things. I love dry key team. The director of IT, I believe. I love to talk to him once we get something more concrete. Because part of this could also be automatically building that metadata layer inside of your share point, which makes share point more usable for you guys when you want to search it or anything that just. It's a good idea. Definitely. Yeah. The biggest. The biggest. Pain points are now with share points that we have to make with all the metadata. And. Yeah. And then we can automate that. I'm not exactly sure I'm going to do that. I know it can't be done. All your share point posted on Office 365. Correct. Yep. I have a big. There's API. So that. Now let's go play in the sky. Yeah, I was going to go one more thing for you. When I showed you with the individual project tracker that we have that have been using this right here that I have shared right now is our 2026 capital project tracker, which are our financing and the capital apartment electronic uses. So this is a list of every project that we have in our budget. It's entering there. And each one of these is actually hyperlinked to kind of a much more rudimentary version of what I keep. But this is their version of what's actually been processed through our screen grip software, which is actual. That's one to check and actually excuse me. They didn't document it. But it's kind of the same idea that they've got the budget code that they're using. They've got how much we have, how much we spent, etc. And then each contractor name again, how much the contract what it is with these contractors. What they're dependable. We have remaining, you know, that kind of thing. And that is for each. She looks like she's got sorry to bet this thing here to which I'm not sure that who that is. Oh, I don't know this. So it doesn't matter. Unless you want to put that up for me. Yeah. And then budget and reference a budget reference that is all reference reference. The screen grip, which it has our actual budget account numbers and their description to all the funds that make them. This is all from that sprint to that. Is this something we can send me to because I have an idea. For production, I would only want read access to this because we should not be updated using finance. But my thought is since it's got to be in two places and there's lives and times between them. It probably nice to have a dashboard to go. Here's what finance is. Here's what we see is what is ever a Delta. You know why? Oh, yeah. I agree 100% now is kind of where I was going with this. And that's because we get to avoid this before they actually meet the check. So typically that's for a while. I was storing all of my information. But then I'm duplicate of the work that she's doing. But I want to have a more real time access. I don't really care what we paid. That's clearly because I'm more worried about the thank you. That we're spending out of. And I want to see before the check of clear. I want to see like you know, like you go to your bank account now. You see exactly what you do. The debit card. You have to wait for two days. Yes. Check clear. And so. So our version that the capital project version is kind of the infant look. And their version is exactly check. Biggie account look. You know. And so they did like you said, there's always a Delta there because. We've got voices and that I am assuming what we say. So I already removed the money. But they haven't necessarily paid money yet. So quick question. It. No, I'm gathering requirements and so I could use. Holistic is possible in my mind if I were doing that. I would you want an ag wearer to go, hey, I I moved it to pay. It's been seven days or whatever that lead time is. And we're still not matching. What's up, right? Would you want to be notified about that? Um. I don't know. It's a. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You do. Uh, yeah. I think finance will probably eventually want to know. Um, I think if we go to the top to where. Finance is also involved, they would probably want to know what what we've been charged with. And what we paid. That would they would probably want to know the petition of. Hey, just if invoice is here and having to pay, yeah, what's going on. Um. It's not worth. I think right now I'm going to end this currency on the window. Yeah. All right. So I think I've got a good understanding of this work, well, what you guys are doing. So now I'm going to. This is a stretch. This is not that could fit, but I want to know what you got to think about this idea. So remember, the game scene. So many need some more answers. But. What if. When a new budget or do like you get your things approved right from the beginning, right? And we just automatically ingested that. the spreadsheet to your standard, right? It's just done through Darwin. And then now your updates at all of your work flow happens in Darwin, which is usually your backend system. So you still can always get back to your Excel, still do everything you're doing, own and have your own data sovereignty. But now you don't got to create and copy and manage the creation and copy of spreadsheets. We sort of take care of that, reporting the deltas and the automations and metadata feeling. That's the big stretch goal because that's the whole process I'm seeing is you sounds like you guys get an entire budget upfront. You know what the code is are and then you're sort of executing. You're going to have certain projects where X 17s need to happen. I'm not sure if that's related invoicing or not, so I don't want to go down that direction. But I'm going to show you something in a minute that might be interesting to you. Not built yet, we're marking up some of those. How much time would that save you? How much value would that add? Right? Because building it to build it, I don't want to do it. I like developers want to build everything. I don't want to build things that are going to save time. Right. So, would that make your lives easier? Is it not really, you know, you got 12 capital, 14 capital, 17 capital projects a year, we've made spreadsheets, this copy page. Not a big deal. I'm not sure. Oh, just so I understand clearly, are you talking about so right now our current system is like we have spreadsheets like we say for example in 2027, we add a capital project, we have budget for it. I'm going to go work on this capital project. And so right now what I would do is I, you know, there's the whole process. I'm going to go find a consultant. We're going to hire the consultant. We're going to have them do some design. And then I'm going to create a spreadsheet to track their work. I use suggesting in this kind of like, you know, 2.0 phase is basically I go to Darwin's application. And I say I'm starting a new project. Here it is. And like here's the name of it. And it goes out and it grabs like the contract we've already executed. It kind of like make, what makes the spreadsheet and that kind of thing. Yep, let me share you something. I'm going to share. That's a nice. This is a semi-functional model. I want to initiate the project in Darwin platform. And then it, like it builds up the structure. So very similar use case what you're talking about, which is we're not taking over their project management. We're not taking over their systems. There's too many people involved. They're all going to keep doing what they do. But the problem is they want to make sure that it's consistent. There are certain phases. They want to know where those phases are. They want to know how they overlap. So this is a functional mockup of not a full project management system. Think of it like we could see enough that we might manage lightweight projects there. The big deal was they want templates. They know when they're doing event planning, media buying, social media campaigns. Certain things need to happen. So when they create a project, they want to make sure every time those things happen. So we went to an event plan. Scroll down. This is a mockup probably not what's going to look like at the end of the day. But it shows, hey, if you're going to plan an event, here's everything we need to do and track. Now a lot of this is not tracked in our system. We're going to be pulling data from the systems from the different organizations doing this. When I can manage scheduling, when I can manage any of those things, right? That is a rabbit hole that goes way too deep. That people paid millions of dollars for that stuff. That's not the goal. Most of us don't need that million dollar software. They just need an easy way to work the way they work, but still have a little bit more structure to it across organization. This is what this is like. So this is the basic concept for them that they could go, you know what? Yeah, that's great. This project and I probably get a name. And random Tuesday date shows up. Yeah, it works. Yeah, and it's we ended by then. I'm not going to put a budget in there. A fair project. Super simple. They created a project. Now they've got their entire template. Now our next step is where do you guys store this thing? Where do you store this thing? Where do you store it? Just stay. And what we're going to do is, oh, great, you store it in SharePoint. That your process is to create a project folder for it. And that's for the event managers. But you know what? Somebody in the AV people has a completely different system. We have access to it and we've got email, the icon, send you email. Cool. How far do we go? We're not sure yet. But that's what I'm thinking is if we did that, that makes sense? Yeah, there's this actually parallel process that I've been doing in plan already. So I have kind of I know every project has the certain milestone that you have to do. And it acts kind of like a checklist for every time it starts a new project. They know that they have to do these things. There's always things that you have to add where you put the template, having the template there is good. And as you work there, and whether it's here and then reference to places in our SharePoint documents, that one is awesome. But yeah, I think this is pretty much exactly what I've been trying to look for. I haven't been able to flesh out exactly what it looks like in functionality, but I haven't been working on this myself. So yeah, it's pretty right. That's the idea. It's super lightweight. And I'm going to get myself in trouble. I'm not committing to anything I'm saying right now. But there's so many things that it's impossible to get one system to rule them all, but with the ingensic systems and things that we're doing, it is possible to go, well, you know what, I can't get access to that data feed for that project milestone. What I can do is annoy us and annoy you and have an agent email you and you can respond and it'll upset the project for you. You don't even get a log in the system, right? Things like that, there are ACE, thanks for an ACE and offline things that we just couldn't capture and this would allow you to do that without having to force everybody into a single million dollar project management software making everybody upset. That's exactly what I'm doing. I mean, that's that is I don't want to, I mean, just to basically read it, read it, read it, read it, read it, they're our product management software for all of this kind of stuff. But we don't need that they're their product management software. I mean, it's always nice to have, but I think our biggest need right now is just the organization and creating standards for what everyone's doing. And that making sure that everyone does it the same way. And it hasn't just a checklist of making sure that you're doing things and they're correct order. Yep, super helpful. And I mean, I mean, aren't we already have a share of points that can build out for this? It's not my favorite thing, but it works and it would and we are continuing to do a brew-wide. And I think we'll get there and having this as a backup to to this is your dashboard and then as you do all your normal work, but this just kind of keeps you accountable. Yep, and you can manage basic things for here, but that's not the goal. Yeah, yeah, you don't do all your work within Darwin and just keeping track of where you are in your work and if you've done the right thing. Yeah, certain things make sense to do through Darwin. Like I like to react to it. I like to check out that those things make sense. But when we get into project management that such a spider web that what people really need as far as I need to see all the pictures at once because we're probably using spreadsheets, maybe Microsoft projects and none of us like it, but we got to do it. So when I try and status roll update, I'm going to do crazy things with Excel because I used to be an Excel wizard, nothing more. Yeah, cool. I think I got everything I need to do my first output. Yeah, this is that this actually came from I had never even met the customer that they sent me the requirements. They sent me some of the nice and recurrences. They sent me how they manage projects today. Then I, yeah, I built it into it took me about a day and a half and this is what we're going to take to our dev team. This is going to become hopefully one of our lightweight based programs. So when we talked about Launchpad, number I said we're going to have some common applications that aren't really custom. In my mind, this would be one of them, right? Because everywhere I've ever been has this problem and I don't want to replace workflow. I don't want to replace pleasure. But I do want to make this part of your life easier. Yeah, cool. Well, if you guys just send me literally if there is a document that's tied to a document that's tied to a budget, the type to a process in this, I may not use it, but if I can have that full loop that here's the contract, here's the budget, here's the spreadsheets, we use the track. Here's the meta spreadsheet like the financial one. I can use this conversation to make some stuff of it and my goal would be to just build something like what I just showed you. I guess the still up is going to stop sharing. To rapidly prototype that and the way we're going to do this is I want to rapidly prototype it for you. All of us agree that functionality and that look and feel and that workflow works for us. Then I can turn that into a requirements document so our dev team can turn it around fast and that's historically been a huge problem is, right? You try and get developers a PRG but gathering the requirements, getting them to understand it has always been horribly hard. That's what's really changed in the world is now I can do this quickly and we can iterate without committing. Yeah. I have a quick question because I'm probably going to be the one that actually uploads the documents, but Daniel, you said something earlier around like you just need to do only access. Do you have any of the actual original document links or do you need just the like a copy of the files that these guys are using? At this stage, a copy of the files, the one I was referencing related was the financial tracker one, the actual finance teams. That is one that I don't think I should ever have a like in a production system, revive access to. I could have reporting access to but because there's financial controls and a whole bunch of things there, I don't want to get mad at you. Okay, awesome. So I will work with Shannon and Eric to get those if you guys get me the links to the files, I'll make the copies and do all this stuff. And Eric, what do you have? I was going to show you this is just a quick idea and this is kind of I found some of the old things I was working on. So here's in planner, the cap template, something like that, right? So it's got the checklist of, is this effectively what you were would be doing as well? Yeah, and then my question would be how would I know if, it's about zoom in here. How would I know if somebody said the contract was pretty close? Okay. It's like how do I know that? It would be through a, I don't be fine or email. So first, see that you have two great ways to do this. It was through Adobe Fine and I can clear it, Adobe Fine. You don't have to go check that. You just go, oh, it's done, right? If it's through email, that's a little more difficult because you're going to have to choose, do you want to BCC those types of things or CC those types of things to Darwin or not? Or do you want Darwin to email you and go, hey, you say you have this done by this day, do you? And you'll say yes or no, right? If you say no, it doesn't update. If you say yes, it updates. Yeah, I think I would prefer it to say it's looking for a specific schema in a folder and SharePoint or certain metadata and SharePoint. Yeah, that'd be even better. If it populates and SharePoint, like yeah, put it there, that's something we can answer and pull. Yeah, okay, perfect. So this is just for bidding for the bidding procedure itself, but I have also worked on this for a full design project as well in a different format. But yeah, I think we can build your screen where I can build your screen where we do and I can move a share into it and build the same framework and what she does. As a second, very struck, you want to send me that? Yeah, I like doing weird stuff. I actually don't know what the contract I don't know how much it's supposed to do, so I'm just going to do a bunch of stuff because we're talking about first that my priority one is going to be let's get the basic convoycing thing. Then my stretch goal is a little bit what we talk about and then my Uber stretch goal would be this with maybe the task line, like that what I showed you, right? Yeah, let's make sure it. So that's going to be my order priorities. So first focus is I need to get my job or something they can fill that by immediately and then what would that look like? Yeah, I said anything like if you've got all of the invoices for the say if everyone has two examples of capital projects invoices all the documentation the the budget for the city the financial one, if you can send me that data universe then I can work to build that to really good requirements for our dev team and then before we start building it I can sit with you guys and go here's what I built it's semi-functional is this what you guys want? Then that'll drastically accelerate our development cycle. Awesome. Cool. That one's great. Well thank you and have a good rest of your night. I'm going to go find some food. Thank you. If you need a cool drive link let me know yeah I'm going to give us a lot and you can't get it through email I can just send you a Google drive link. You can double that. We actually have a SharePoint site manual on that one. That's for our wind stuff so I will send you the link and make sure you have access to that. That's even better. I think what I can. Thank you. Have a good night. Thank you everybody. Bye. Bye.